gh-123299: Provide replacement for removed sqlite3 attributes in What's New 3.14 (#125566)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

sqlite3
-------

* Remove :data:`!version` and :data:`!version_info` from :mod:`sqlite3`;

>   use :data:`!sqlite_version` and :data:`!sqlite_version_info` for actual SQLite3

Reviewer: These can be linked since they are not removed.

> * Remove :data:`!version` and :data:`!version_info` from :mod:`sqlite3`;
>   use :data:`!sqlite_version` and :data:`!sqlite_version_info` for actual SQLite3
>   version information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Remove :data:`!version` and :data:`!version_info` from :mod:`sqlite3`;
  use :data:`~sqlite3.sqlite_version` and :data:`~sqlite3.sqlite_version_info`
  for the actual version number of the runtime SQLite library.
```
